readme.md, before:

[Backend](https://99tech.notion.site/8dafab98dfaa4365ae7b60ccf8f9b40e?v=76218a75eb3b411fb048a3552d3ed236&pvs=4) submission. For problems 3,4, and 5. This project uses `yarn`.

The JD says 99Tech uses PostgreSQL. If you have PostgreSQL installed with default settings (with default database "postgre", and default user "postgre" without password). Then;
To execute with postgre, run;
```cmd
yarn run start
```
If not, you can execute with sqlite3 (no db setup required), run;
```cmd
yarn run start-lite
```

> Cloned from https://github.com/99techteam/code-challenge/tree/main

- - -

# 99Tech Code Challenge #1 #

Note that if you fork this repository, your responses may be publicly linked to this repo.  
Please submit your application along with the solutions attached or linked.   

It is important that you minimally attempt the problems, even if you do not arrive at a working solution.

## Submission ##
You can either provide a link to an online repository, attach the solution in your application, or whichever method you prefer.
We're cool as long as we can view your solution without any pain.

Commit message:

moved solution from problem3 folder to problem4 folder - updated READMEs

readme.md, after:

[Backend](https://99tech.notion.site/8dafab98dfaa4365ae7b60ccf8f9b40e?v=76218a75eb3b411fb048a3552d3ed236&pvs=4) submission. For problems 3, 4, and 5. This project uses `yarn`. You can use `npm`.

### For problem5

The JD says 99Tech uses PostgreSQL. If you have PostgreSQL installed with default settings (with default database "postgre", and default user "postgre" without password). Then;

To execute with postgre, run;

```cmd
yarn run start
```

If not, you can execute with sqlite3 (no db setup required), run;

```cmd
yarn run start-lite
```

To run test, run;

```cmd
yarn run test
```

> Cloned from https://github.com/99techteam/code-challenge/tree/main

---

# 99Tech Code Challenge #1

Note that if you fork this repository, your responses may be publicly linked to this repo.  
Please submit your application along with the solutions attached or linked.

It is important that you minimally attempt the problems, even if you do not arrive at a working solution.

## Submission

You can either provide a link to an online repository, attach the solution in your application, or whichever method you prefer.
We're cool as long as we can view your solution without any pain.
